there has been one clear trend over the
years those with money and power have
attained more money and more power over
the years those without power and money
have not made any more money it's a
vicious cycle that has continued on for
decades it doesn't seem to be changing
the powers that be continued to have a
deep hold on the economy and on business
and government they will never let it go
you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at several charts
which I found amazing wanted to bring
them to you let's begin looking at this
year I wanted to know one point from
this and that is those with money they
get more and more of the pie so we are
looking here at the distribution of
family income 1963 to 2016 and I'll show
you that in the following charts so
let's look at this this is a moving
chart that it's going to move to 1970
and you'll see it going over the years
and you can see how things changed the
distribution of income in US cities 1970
to 2015 median household income in 2017
dollars okay so you're looking here the
further to the right you go is the
higher the income and you'll notice
something very clear the middle class is
disappearing and it's not one city it's
not two cities it's everywhere
that is going on look at any developing
nation and you will see the same trend
the middle class is not present that's
what defines a developed nation when you
have a strong booming middle class and
that doesn't exist I suggest to everyone
that if you know somebody who grew up in
a developing nation or perhaps somebody
who lives there now to ask them about
the middle class how is it is it a
strong economy or do you rely on foreign
investment do you have any say in the
matter look at how much money is being
made by those at the highest end of the
spectrum all of the money I'll show you
another example
this is another one here household
income in 2014 dollars and you're seeing
that over the years it's on the
right-hand side here dramatically
different than what it was in 1971 yes
those with a lot of money had a lot of
money and a lot of power that's clear
it's always been that way
but as the years go on things are
getting worse and worse and it's funny
because those in the middle class it's
like their income was chopped off and
given directly to the richest of the
rich that's the way I see it now I
wanted to note it's not the 1% but more
likely the 0.01 or the 0.001 who have
all the power and the money but even
those within the 1% have been doing very
well but those in the 0.001 percent have
been doing even better so the more money
in power you have the more money in
power you have I hope I've made myself
clear on that point so that's that let's
move on percentage share of income gains
during economic expansions accruing the
top 1% in the bottom 99% of earners so
if you're in the bottom 99% if you're
looking on the right-hand side here you
get nothing right and then if you're in
the top 1% you get it all that's pretty
much what this says however way back in
the day that wasn't the case at all
everybody was doing better during
economic expansions everybody money was
flowing in people were doing better they
were buying houses they weren't working
they were expanding the economy there
were small business owners there was
less regulations less taxes everybody's
doing better and better better and then
as the years go on particularly in the
last let's say twenty years that has
really really changed and those at the
top remain at the top and everybody else
just gets pushed further and further
down let me be very clear you are not
part of the 1%
you are not part
of the 1% people feel that they have
been granted some sort of you know crown
on their head you are not part of the 1%
every time there is an economic calamity
people then realize okay no I'm not part
of the 1% but then in this economic
expansion times perhaps they feel a
little bit better about themselves but
it only takes a few more years before
that is realized all right then we look
at this you know I I just covered this
recently and surprisingly the video
didn't do that well but starting in 2016
state retirees drawing a pension began
to our number active state workers
contributing with every paycheck to the
2.6 billion dollar Kentucky Employee
Retirement System Wow so look at this
active members declining retired members
has shot up to a level that they can't
possibly pay back this is the clear and
concise definition of a Ponzi scheme how
in the world will they ever fund this
well they're going to try and kick the
can down the road it's the same with
Social Security it's the same with any
pension plan across the world you're
hoping that there's enough people coming
and paying into the current system these
people are paid off now we'll worry
about tomorrow when it gets here what a
big problem that is a very very big
mistake and I believe this is my thought
on this that they want this to happen
they want the crises because they can
use it to their advantage so what's
going to happen if all of a sudden
people can't get the money they need
well they're going to become more
impoverished and those people will be
more subservient to the government and
what's better than a nation of
subservient slaves that is the ultimate
goal of any big government the
government continues to get bigger and
bigger swallowing up every
thing in its path it's outrageous to see
how those in the Congress those in
Parliament's around the world they argue
about what to spend their money on and
things just get worse the more arguments
the worse it is they're deciding on
things that government shouldn't have
anything to do with they get their hands
into everything every sort of business
every every facet of our lives the
government is involved in and it makes
it worse it only makes things worse it's
very clear very documented as far as I'm
aware and then last but not least I
think you all should check this off
there's a website called how much dotnet
and it's got all sorts of interactive
diagrams and charts in here this was
impressive to me because really breaks
it down to the level that wherever you
live you can see this precisely I don't
know if I agree with all the numbers but
they are documented so it's pretty
amazing but if you go to how much dotnet
and look for cost of living you can also
go to the link that'll have below but if
you just want to go to a search engine
how much dotnet and then type in the
words cost of living you will get this
to come up so you can search any area I
just happen to pick Los Angeles as an
example but it basically breaks it down
where your all of your different income
taxes housing and it goes through all
the different things and how much money
left at the end of the year and
depending on where you live you can see
these numbers are quite dramatic in fact
the darker the red the worse that it is
look at your area see where it's where
it's at right now and see if that makes
any sense and you can be the judge of
that look you know because it's really
broken down into small sectors here you
can get a precise idea also note the
fact that you know you go over one
borderline you know a five-minute drive
away and all of a sudden it's a very
different picture so remember that when
we generalize
here we are of course just trying to
make it easier on ourselves to talk
about but there are very very small
pockets that are available that really
tell us a different picture so remember
that that's all for this video if you
found that informative please give me a
thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and my
newer release global economic collapse
even more informative you can actually
flip through these books Amazon has a
look inside feature which will allow you
to flip through the pages of these books
to see if you like them take care